:PROPERTIES:
:ID:       9f27a533-9b8c-4053-b77c-b3cf4f18137d
:END:
#+title: tem
in:
Transition state analogue boronic acid inhibitors mimicking the structures and
interactions of good penicillin substrates for the TEM-1 beta lactamase of
Escherchia coli were designed using graphic analyses.

out0:
We designed a drug that blocks a part of a bacteria that is important for it to
live, and can also be used to treat human diseases. The "graphic analyses" means
we looked at how penicillin works in the body, and designed a drug that could
block the same thing in a different type of bacteria. See also

out1:
One of four oxygen atoms (oxygen is a gas that gives us energy) in the molecule
binds to Ser70 and Ala237. This arrangement causes a highly ordered
hydrogen-bond network in the protein called the oxyanion hole to become
disordered. This change makes the enzyme work much more efficiently.

This paper is a great example of scientific jargon being converted into plain
english by using everyday examples. The authors use plain english to describe
their research and also cite their prior work so that it can be easily
understood. The paper begins with a concise description of what happened in the
experiment. It then goes into further detail about the specific procedures and
tools used in the experiment. Finally, the paper ends with a conclusion based on
the results obtained from the experiment. Overall, this paper provides a clear
and concise understanding of the experiment conducted and the meaning behind the
jargon within the context of the experiment.


###

in:
As designed, the tetrahedral boronic acid-enzyme adduct positions one oxygen
(OH1) in the oxyanion hole formed by the main chain nitrogens of Ser70 and
Ala237, displacing a highly ordered water.

out0:
The boron group (boronic acid) and the part of the enzyme that manages water,
called the apoenzyme, form a complex that has oxygen atoms in positions that
would normally be filled by hydrogen atoms. This actually displaces water that
should be in those positions, so that there is no water in between the two
groups of molecules.

Some more jargon to plain English translations:

out1:
When you put the right chemical on an enzyme, it can interact with it in a way
that causes one of the water molecules in the protein to move out of the way,
and leave a space for the chemical you put on the enzyme.

out2:
When you put the boron-based molecule on the enzyme, it puts a hole in the place
where normally water would be, and water moves out of the way.

out3:
The tetrahedral boronate-enzyme adduct is designed to sit in a hole that is
formed by the main chain (the most important) nitrogen of Ser70 and Ala237, and
displace highly ordered water.

out4:
One oxygen atom, which is part of a water molecule, is forced out of place by
the boronic acid-enzyme adduct, because it is too small. This opens up a space
within the main chain of amino acids (the building blocks of proteins) between
Ser70 and Ala237, which is where one oxygen atom would fit if it was not pushed
out of place.

out5:
The boron that is part of the molecule we designed attaches to a certain spot on
the enzyme, where there was a highly ordered water molecule (a molecule of water
that is lined up neatly with its neighbors).

out6:
When we designed a chemical that attaches to the enzyme that makes stuff into
urine, it could only fit into the perfect spot if an oxygen (a group of atoms
related to water) was moved out of the way. This made the place it worked much
better than it did before!.

out7:
The structure of the enzyme we studied is like a triangle. We found that the
molecules that block this enzyme fit into the empty space in the middle of the
triangle (a very organized part of the enzyme). This causes the water molecule
to move out of the way. This allows the enzyme to do what it does best (break
down chemicals).

out8:
When you put the enzyme you want to modify into a chemical called tetrahedral
boronate, it will affect one oxygen (OH1) in the oxyanion hole. This is a part
of the enzyme that forms from the main chain nitrogens of Ser70 and Ala237. It
will displace water, which is highly ordered.

The main strengths of this model are that it provides the reader with a map of
the jargon-to-plain-english conversion process and it can be applied to a wide
range of scientific fields. The main weakness of this model is that it does not
acknowledge that scientific jargon is often used for many purposes other than
just converting complex scientific concepts to plain english. For example,
scientific jargon can be used to emphasize the importance of a finding or to
criticize the idea that a finding is significant. It is also used to claim
intellectual property over an idea by using special words to describe it and
thereby setting up a marker that makes the idea unique.
